feat(current-time): add time conditions (#2695)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/conditions.rst

   * - ``title``
     - string
     - The title of the pull request.
   * - ``time``
     - string

>      - A time in format ``HH:MM``.

Reviewer: This does not make any sense. What time it is?
Time of creation? Time of update?

Reading the code I think you want this to be named `now`, no?

Author: If we go with `now`, then it should be `now-time`, to also have `now-day`, `now-month`, `now-day-of-week`.

Reviewer: Ah. We're back at "naming things is hard". 😆 

what about `current-time` and `current-day`, `current-month`… ? I'm stealing this naming from PostgreSQL.

.. important::

>    ``time`` does not support ``~=``, ``=`` and ``!=`` operators.

Reviewer: It makes a bit sad that we don't support `=` TBH. :)

Reviewer: Yep, which circle back to the issue I was mentioning here https://github.com/Mergifyio/mergify-engine/pull/2695#pullrequestreview-677099915

   * - ``title``
     - string
     - The title of the pull request.
   * - ``current-time``
     - string
     - The current time in format ``HH:MM``.

.. important::

>    Time based conditions have a 5 minutes precision. If you wrote a rule like ``current-time>=10:00``, Mergify will refresh
>    the pull request state to detect the condition change between 10:00 and 10:05 if no event has been received in the meantime.
> 
>    ``current-time`` does not support ``~=``, ``=`` and ``!=`` operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Time-based conditions have a 5 minutes precision at best. Do not write conditions based on time ranges that are too narrow or the condition might never be true.

   ``current-time`` does not support ``~=``, ``=`` and ``!=`` operators.
```
